[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see how
to create a playlist player.
The benefit of a
playlist player is
that we can display a
playlist next to the player,
and allow the viewer to select
the videos they want to watch.
The steps to create
a playlist player
are similar to when creating
a single video player.
However, there are some
additional player settings
that can be used to
control the appearance
and behavior of the player.
I'm going to create
a new player.
I'll call it Playlist
Player, and click Save.
I'll click on the player
name to open the properties.
I'm going to change the
player type to playlist,
and then click Save.
Changing the player
type the playlist
will enable some additional
player properties.
Let's go to the
styling properties.
The playlist type
setting controls
how the playlist is displayed.
You can choose a horizontal
playlist, vertical playlist,
or hidden playlist.
Hidden playlists
are typically used
when you want to loop
through a set of videos
without giving the user control
over which videos to watch.
There are also some
additional playback
properties that
can be configured
for playlist players.
I'm going to select
Continuous Play Mode, which
will cause the videos
will advance automatically
and repeat indefinitely.
I'll also enable
the video countdown.
Once I've made my
selections, I'll
go ahead and publish the
changes to the player.